📊 Refresh Stellar Data Structures (#2446)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/learn/fundamentals/stellar-data-structures/assets.mdx

sidebar_position: 30
---

# Assets

> Accounts on the Stellar network can be used to track, hold, and transfer any type of asset. Assets can represent many things: cryptocurrencies (such as bitcoin or ether), fiat currencies (such as dollars or pesos), other tokens of value (such as NFTs, pool shares, or securities).

Reviewer: i think i like the parenthesis the way it was before. and maybe `securities` belongs as an addition to `bonds` and `equity` rather than a replacement?

Author: This is a holdover from all those years I spent in marketing. Groups of three are easier to remember, and they slide off the tongue much more easily. So perhaps I applied that thinking a _little_ too much here.

I am trying to steer the docs toward a uniform definition of security, as per https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/2579#discussion_r3584563185, rather than the [older precedent](https://galactictalk.org/d/11-bonds-on-stellar) of subcategorization.

That said there is a real problem here in that it says you can "transfer any type of asset", but you can't transfer native pool shares. I propose just dropping that bit for now, implemented in a86f717766e01119200428461ec509e14df6cbcf. This ends our list in a uniform third "such as X or Y" syntax, matching earlier examples.

The smallest non-zero amount unit, also known as a stroop, is 0.0000001 (one ten-millionth) represented as an integer value of one. The largest amount unit possible is $\frac{2^{63}-1}{10^7}$ (derived from the maximum 64-bit integer, scaled down) which is 922,337,203,685.4775807.

> The numbers are represented as `int64s`. Amount values are stored as only signed integers to avoid bugs that arise from mixing signed and unsigned integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The numbers are represented as `int64`s. Amount values are stored as only signed integers to avoid bugs that arise from mixing signed and unsigned integers.
```
